(dramatic music)
(woman & man breathing heavily)
(kissing sounds
and more breathing)
- [woman] that feels so good.
(rattlesnake rattling)
(passionate breaths continue)
- Stop!
Please don't do this!
Jacob!
Please, you don't
have to do this!
(passionate breathing continues)
Jacob!
We can figure this out!
We can talk through this!
(passionate breathing builds)
Jacob!
(dramatic music continues)
(mourners chattering)
- I'm so sorry.
- Terrible tragedy.
- [mourner] I just can't believe
He's gone.
- Please, call me
If you need anything.
- So young.
- [female mourner] we're
gonna miss him so much.
(gentle somber music)
- [stephanie] oh my god.
Oh, this is my favorite one.
- [nathan] what a clown.
I can't believe he wrote that.
- [stephanie]
stop, it's so cute.
- [nathan] look at
this right here.
Man, he was so cheesy.
- He was romantic.
- I probably should have
had a bigger problem
With him dating my
younger sister than I did.
- [stephanie] don't
be a jerk, nathan.
- [marianne] hi, guys.
- Mrs. Davis.
- Hey, is it, uh,
Okay that we're in here?
- Yeah, of course.
He used to love to play,
Especially with you.
- My first t-ball
team, he was on it.
- I remember.
You always pushed
him to be better.
- I didn't have to at
this last season though.
I mean, I kind of
passed him the torch.
- You didn't pass him the torch.
He just got better than you.
- Shut up, steph.
Such a girlfriend thing to say.
- Stay as long as you like.
The food will be ready soon.
- Cool.
Thank you mrs. Davis.
- Yeah, thank you.
(upbeat pounding electronic
music) (video game beeping)
- What is it?
- You need to come downstairs.
People would like to
pay their respects.
- So people can
just lie to my face?
- Why would you think that?
- They'll tell me
how sorry they are,
But behind my back,
They'll just blame
me for ayden's death.
- Honey, nobody blames you.
- They think I killed him.
(tense music)
- Can we talk about
this later, please,
And just come downstairs now?
(jacob scoffs)
(nathan and stephanie laughing)
- [nathan] why
would he write that?
- What are you guys doing?
- Just reminiscing.
- Your mom said
that it was okay.
- That's not your stuff.
It's ayden's.
Give me that.
- Hey man, easy.
- Jacob.
- And this.
- I'm sorry.
I just, I couldn't
remember what I wrote him.
- I don't care.
You shouldn't be in here.
Get out.
- Okay.
Okay, we're leaving.
- Sorry.
(marianne clears throat)
- Marianne, I just-
(marianne gasps)
I'm so sorry.
I just came in to help.
I didn't mean to startle you.
I just...
- It's fine.
It's fine.
Thank you so much for being
here for me for everything.
Thank you.
- Of course.
- Thank you.
- Everything right?
What happened?
- Oh, I just dropped the salad.
Now I don't know what
I'm gonna serve but...
- It doesn't matter.
Just try to be more
careful, all right?
- Daniel, it was an accident.
- It was my fault.
I snuck up on her.
- Yeah, well maybe if
you weren't in here
Trying to do
everything yourself,
It wouldn't have happened.
- Were you coming in to help?
- No, no, no, because if I did,
You'd tell me that I was
doing everything wrong.
- Mm-hmm.
- It was on me, okay?
- You know, and maybe,
Maybe if you didn't
try to control
Every single aspect
of their lives,
They wouldn't have
felt it necessary
To sneak off to the
quarry like they did.
- Are you seriously blaming me?
Daniel, you are the one
Who makes every single
thing a competition.
Everything!
That's why the boys
went up there that day
Because of you!
You!
- Guys, it was an accident!
Okay?
It was a stupid, ugly accident.
And ayden was a grown boy,
He was 17, and he should
have known better.
But you still have
a son who needs you.
So I don't think
either one of you
Wants to say something
That you can't take
back right now.
- Well, that's my
cue for another beer.
- Do you really
think you need one?
- Yeah.
I just buried my
oldest son today.
Excuse me if I don't
count my beers.
- I'll go.
- No.
Do you mind?
- Yes, yes, of course.
- Thanks.
- It is a tragedy.
- It's such tragedy.
It's crazy.
- But here's the thing though,
Everybody knows
jacob's been jealous
Of ayden his whole life.
Right?
- Nobody really
knows what happened.
- Shh.
- I'm so sorry for your loss.
- Thank you for coming.
- I heard the police
are getting involved.
Those two boys never got along.
Always fighting.
- [female mourner] have
to get an investigator.
Is there? There needs to be.
Not an accident.
(people chattering)
- I'll be right back.
- You really think you
should be drinking?
- Why does it matter?
- I just don't think your
mother would approve.
- She wanted me to mingle.
I'm mingling.
- I'm pretty sure this
isn't what she meant.
- What are you doing?
You're 16 and drinking?
Put the beer down, son.
Put the beer down.
(jacob scoffs)
- I mean, if I were
a betting woman,
I would put my vacation home
On jacob gave his
brother a little push.
- Excuse me?
- Oh, dear.
How are-
- don't dear me.
How dare you come
into my house today
And say something like that?
Jacob had nothing
to do with ayden...
(daniel and jacob screaming)
- Somebody do something!
- Stop it, stop it!
Stop it, stop it!
What are you doing?
- He's out here embarrassing
us, drinking beer!
- Take it down, okay?
Take it down.
- I haven't spanked
him since he was five,
Since you convinced me not to.
But I think it's about time -
(fist thuds)
(all gasping)
(tense music)
- Jacob, jacob.
It really is a good school.
- It's a military
school for delinquents.
- No, it's a, it's a
place to help young men
Who need structure
get structure.
- Is that what the
brochure told you?
- Honey, we're
doing this for you.
If there was any other way-
- There is.
Tell dad no.
Tell him you're not
gonna ship me off.
(car horn honks)
- Let's go.
- Look, if you need anything,
Will you please call me
at anytime for anything?
Can I get a hug?
(gentle music)
(jacob scoffs)
I love you.
(car engine revs)
(militaristic music)
- All right, who's back
here burning something?
Freaking davis.
Should have guessed.
You could have sent
this whole building up.
And cheat sheets.
Kiss graduation goodbye.
Let's go.
(phone vibrating)
(marianne groans)
- Hello.
- [commander greg]
this is commander greg.
I'm sorry to inform you
Cadet jacob davis
has been expelled.
- Sorry.
Can you say that again, please?
- [commander greg] he needs
to be off base by 0900.
Should we call someone else?
- No, no need to
call anyone else.
I'll come get him.
- [commander greg]
thank you, ma'am.
- What is it? What's wrong?
- Jacob.
(militaristic music)
(chanting marching cadences)
You burned a trash can.
- And he was caught
burning cheat sheets.
- Is that true?
Thank you.
Get up.
Let's go.
(jacob scoffs)
(soldiers chanting)
(gentle somber music)
- Are you going to say anything?
(dog barking)
- [camilla] sit. Sit.
- You are a shedder.
(camilla giggles)
Do you see all this hair?
Oh my gosh.
All over the place.
- Yeah.
Hey, babe.
- Hi.
- Oh, here, let me
grab that for you.
- It's not a bother, I got it.
- No, I don't mind.
- I said I got it.
- All right.
(soft tense music)
(dog barking)
(dog growls)
- Sorry, she's usually
really friendly.
- That's all right.
Dogs don't like me.
- So that's jacob.
- [kyle] yeah.
- You want a snack?
- Sure.
- Come on.
(dog barking)
(gentle somber music)
(doorbell rings)
Hey.
- Hey.
- What are you doin' here?
- Well, I figured
you'd had a day
So I brought you some
food and some wine.
- Thank you.
You're gonna stay
for dinner, right?
- I can stay.
This just needs to be warmed up.
- You know where the oven is.
Great.
You know what, actually I'm
gonna call jacob to come down
Because he has not left
his room since he got home.
- Oh boy.
I'll start pouring.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Jacob!
Jacob!
(knocking on door)
Jacob, tara's here.
Come down and say hello.
(soft tense music)
Jacob.
(marianne sighs)
(marianne groans)
- It's almost midnight, honey.
What do you wanna do?
- I don't know. I don't know.
- Why don't we go drive
around and look for him?
- Let's just say if he's
not home by midnight then-
(phone vibrating)
Hello?
- [detective sanchez] I'm
looking for mrs. Davis.
- Yes.
- [detective sanchez]
this is detective sanchez.
We have jacob in holding.
You need to come down.
- Okay.
Yes, thank you. I'm on my way.
- [detective sanchez]
see you soon.
- Who was that?
- Police.
They have jacob.
- At least he's safe, right?
Okay.
Go get your boy.
- Okay.
Oh.
- Jacob.
That's quite a file
for a young man.
- Did you call my mom?
Is she coming to get me or what?
- You know, I never
got the full story
Of what happened that
night your brother died.
Mind sharing?
- I already told you
guys what happened.
- Just in an initial
interview at the scene
Which lacks detail.
How about this?
You tell me what happened,
I'll understand why
you were there tonight,
Maybe I could just let you go.
Not even wait to
hear from the owner.
- Like I said two years ago...
- [ayden] wanna do this again?
- We were just
challenging each other
Like we always did.
- Remember what happened
Last time?
Whoever gets to the top first.
- That's right.
First to the top.
- I don't know why
you're pushing this,
But I'll give you one
last chance to back out.
All right. Your funeral.
You know, you've never
beaten me to the top before,
So I don't know
why you think today
Is gonna be any different.
- Maybe I was just
lacking proper motivation.
(timer beeping)
(frantic music)
- [ayden] come on,
little brother.
You're losing.
- [jacob] shut up
and keep climbing.
It's not over yet.
- Just admit defeat now.
Easier to climb down at
this point than go up.
- I'm - not - quitting.
- Fine.
See you at the top.
- Damn it!
He was too fast.
I couldn't keep up.
I couldn't see him anymore
And I was looking for a
hold when I heard him scream
And I saw him fall
past me from the top.
- [ayden] no!
- What happened after that?
- I climbed down and
just called the police.
- So ayden's phone was a timer.
You didn't tell that
to the officer before.
It's not listed in the evidence.
You know what happened
to ayden's phone?
- No.
- The bet.
What was on the line?
- Bragging rights.
Just bragging rights.
- Jacob.
Do not say another word.
- We were just
talking, mrs. Davis.
- Just talking, huh?
Is he under arrest or not?
- Nope.
The owner said as long
as there's no damage,
He didn't wanna press charges.
Seems he must know
your ex-husband.
- You said you were
waiting to hear from him.
- Did I?
- Jacob, let's go.
(dramatic music)
- Your son's lying.
- What are you talking about?
You caught him trespassing.
There's no damage,
So there's nothing to lie about.
- Not about that.
- About what?
- About your other son's death.
Oh, his story was right in
line to what he said before,
But you know what?
I just don't believe him.
His story doesn't add up.
- That is absolutely ridiculous
Because he loved his brother.
- Maybe.
But I did hear they were
competitive with each other.
Maybe just in a fit of rage
Of losing to his brother
Yet again-
- jacob!
- He just gave
him a little push.
- Jacob, no!
No!
- And you killed him.
You know, for bragging rights.
I-
- do not say a word.
He didn't kill his brother.
- Then why didn't you
let us do an autopsy?
It would've put a lot of
these questions to bed.
- Because I was not about to
let somebody cut up my son
On some wild goose chase.
That's why!
Let's go.
- Thanks for the conversation.
- Jacob, what were you thinking?
You couldn't go one night.
And why there of all places?
- I wasn't doing anything.
I just wanted to...
I just wanted to see it again.
- But why?
I wanna understand.
- [jacob] what are you doing?
- Is there something
you need to tell me?
- No, mom!
- Really?
- No!
- Because detective
sanchez is pretty intent
On proving his point.
So if there's something that
you've been keeping from me,
Now's the time to tell me.
Jacob, I'm just trying
to talk to you, okay?
- Can we please go home?
- Sure.
(tense music continues)
(gentle music)
Coffee?
- Just made a fresh pot.
- Okay.
Yes, you did.
- Is he up yet?
- Probably not.
He likes to sleep late.
What?
(door clicks)
- My bad. Just trying
to be courteous.
- By sneaking around the back?
- No, I saw you in the front,
Saw you walk into the back,
Thought I'd save you the trip.
You know, courteous.
- What do you need?
- Were you even gonna
tell me that jacob's home?
- Yes, I was going to call you.
- Oh, you were, huh?
- Yes.
- And that he got arrested.
- They just picked him up.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I had to find out
from my old boss.
Do you even know how
embarrassing that is?
Tell me why he's not in school.
Tell me why he got kicked out.
Tell me everything.
All right, and
don't protect him.
Tell me the truth.
- There was a fire
And he got caught
burning cheat sheets.
- That school is not cheap.
I've been busting my
ass to keep him there.
- I know. So have I.
But look,
There's something that
he is not telling me.
I mean, he was a month
away from graduation
And something must
have happened.
- Yeah, he happened.
It's what he does.
Somebody needs to knock
some sense into him.
- [jacob] and how do you
plan on doing that, dad?
- Something that should
have happened two years ago.
Let's go, big man.
Come on.
Why'd you get kicked out?
- Stop.
- Big man.
- Stop!
You can leave now.
- Were you cheating?
- You need to leave, I said!
- Yeah, walk away.
- You walk away.
- I'm leaving!
- [marianne] go inside.
Inside.
(dog barks)
- Can somebody move
this stupid dog?
- I did not expect
him to just stop by.
- Hey, so is this like how
things are gonna be now?
- No, we're just adjusting.
- [jacob] all right.
- All right, what?
- I'm going for a run.
- Do you want breakfast first?
- No.
I'll get something later.
Bye.
- Bye.
(soft tense music)
(marianne sighs)
- Morning.
- Can I help you with something?
- Nope. Just out for a drive.
- Don't you have something
more important to do today?
- Well, I am off today, but no.
- You're unbelievable, man.
- I think we all
want the same thing,
For you to stay outta trouble.
That's all I'm doing.
Just trying to make
sure that happens.
- You're harassing me.
- Whoa.
You approached me.
You stay outta trouble now.
Hmm.
(soft tense music)
(dryer rumbling)
- Hey, mom.
- Hey, what are you doing?
- I'm looking for work.
Researching how to get my ged.
- That's great.
Let me know if
you need any help.
Are you doing a wash?
- Yeah.
I know how to do laundry.
- Okay.
- I've done it for
like two years.
- Do you always wash
your tennis shoes?
- I just splashed
through some mud.
- Okay.
Continue.
- Princess!
Princess!
(soft tense music)
- Hey, everything okay?
- I can't find princess.
She's not in the house
and she's not out here.
- Well, I am sure
that she's somewhere.
Jacob, have you seen princess?
- Yeah.
Earlier when I came
back from my jog
She was yapping
so I let her out.
- She's not an outdoor dog.
- I thought she had to go
out to go to the bathroom.
- You should have asked.
- She can get out
through the fence.
- Sorry.
- Listen, don't worry.
We are gonna go find her, okay?
- We?
- We.
Let's go.
We'll be back.
(jacob scoffs)
Princess.
- Princess.
- [marianne] princess.
- [jacob] over there.
(ominous music)
- Oh my god.
Help me with her, help me.
- [jacob] she's gone.
- No, she's not gone.
She's still breathing.
- No, she's suffering.
Do you want me to...
- No, we are not doing that.
Put that down. Drop it.
- I'll get her.
It's my fault this happened.
- Hurry.
Well?
- I'm so sorry.
- I can't find princess.
- She was yapping
so I let her out.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
(gentle somber music)
- Let's go.
- All right, sweetie.
Okay.
(soft music)
Chapter 20.
"jacob poot changes the plan."
The last note died
away in the distance.
Our boys, who in
their vein effort,
Felt they were skating backwards
And turned to look
at one another.
- Can somebody move
this stupid dog?
It's my fault this happened.
(ominous music)
Is it done?
- [kyle] just like a dream.
- No.
No, it's not.
But your tea is.
Here you go. Good night.
- Hmm.
(gentle music)
- So what do you
want, detective?
- Come on.
You know why I'm here.
- Jacob did not kill ayden.
- You really believe
that a hundred percent?
- Yep.
- You know they had a cute
little dog, didn't they?
- What?
- A jack russell at
the home of your ex.
Princess was the name, right?
Yeah, it was found
mutilated yesterday.
Dead.
- That's too bad. I
didn't, I didn't know.
- Yeah, that's one
thing about killers.
When they're young, they
have certain markers,
Torturing animals,
setting fires.
Sound familiar?
I called his school.
I know why he got kicked out.
See why I'm uneasy?
- So what do you want?
- Maybe the same thing as you.
(upbeat electronic music)
(video game beeping)
- Hey, can you turn it down
or put your headphones on?
It's kind of loud.
(remote clicks)
- Hey!
- Do you wanna talk
about yesterday?
- What is there to talk about?
It's not like it was a brother.
- We're gonna talk later.
(upbeat electronic music)
(video game beeping)
(phone ringing)
Hey, tara.
I'm so glad you called.
I-
- marianne, listen.
The police are at ayden's
grave with a backhoe.
- They're what?
- [tara] I think they're
exhuming ayden's body.
Hurry.
- Thank you.
(suspenseful music)
(backhoe rumbling)
Hey!
Stop!
- Keep going.
- Stop!
Stop! What are you doing?
What is this?
- It's a court order
to exhume the body.
- Ayden.
His name is ayden.
- To exhume ayden's body
and do a proper autopsy
Like it should have
been done two years ago.
- No judge would
sign off on this.
- You're probably right.
That's why I had to
get parental consent.
(gentle somber music)
- You signed off on this?
- I had to.
(backhoe rumbling)
(marianne crying)
(soft tense music)
- Hey, what's this?
What are you doing?
- We're going to a hotel.
- You're moving out?
- Camilla doesn't feel safe.
- Is it jacob?
Did he do something or?
- Yeah, honestly,
The fact that you
would even ask me that
Tells me that we need to leave.
- I'll never forgive
him for princess.
- Honey, we don't even know
what happened to princess.
I mean the vet said that
it could be anything.
- Yeah.
Anything.
- You're letting other people's
Unfounded judgment cloud you.
- I heard him.
I heard what jacob
said about princess.
That it was no big deal.
Well, it is a big deal.
- No, honey.
He was making a
comparison to his brother.
That's all.
- Look, like you said,
This whole thing is gonna
be a big adjustment, right?
So we're gonna leave,
You stay at the house,
And once the dust
settles on all this
We'll figure us out.
- Okay.
Will you let me know
where you, where you land,
Where you end up staying or?
- Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
- [marianne] okay.
(car door beeping)
- [jacob] hey, mom.
- In here.
- Can I have the car?
I thought I'd grill
some burgers and dogs
Tonight for everyone.
It's no makeup for princess.
I just gotta do
something, you know?
- It's just gonna be us tonight.
I'll get you the keys.
(gentle piano music)
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
We can talk at dinner.
I'm just gonna go lay down.
(gentle somber music)
- He's always been trouble.
- You heard what
really happened.
- I heard he's always been
jealous of his brother.
- [female shopper] how can
she even live with him?
- [male shopper] I hear
he's being investigated.
Can't believe he wants
to show his face here.
- [female shopper]
absolutely disgusting.
- [male shopper]
let's get outta here.
- [female shopper]
I'm with you on that.
(tense music)
- Still planning
on making dinner?
Did you make it to the store?
- People are never gonna
let me forget, are they?
- What happened?
- Nothing.
Nothing happened.
I don't even know if
it was real or not,
Or just in my head.
They moved out because
of me, didn't they?
- Let's just say that
Kyle and I have our
differences, that's all.
- I didn't kill her dog.
- I know you didn't.
- But you still felt it
necessary to check my laundry?
- Because you said
you were guilty, so.
- Because I let her out
into the front yard.
- Jacob, I get half truths
from you all the time
And I try to talk to you,
but you shut me out, so.
- Am I being investigated
for ayden's death?
I'm not a little boy anymore.
You don't need to protect me.
- The police exhumed ayden's
body today to do an autopsy.
(tense music continues)
- Can I be alone, please?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
(knocking on door)
- Oh!
Okay, I'm coming!
Now's not really a good time.
- I need to have a
conversation with your son
About ayden's death.
- No, you've talked
to him enough already.
- Well then I'll
have to arrest him
For the murder of ayden.
- I hope you're kidding.
- It's okay, mom.
I'll talk to him.
- Do not say a word to him.
- I got it.
- Something weighing on you?
- Mom said not to
talk, so I'm not gonna,
But I already told
you what happened.
- It's funny.
The autopsy tells us
a different story.
- That can't be true.
It's like I've already said.
- Why don't you
just tell me again?
- I saw him make it to the top,
Or at least I thought
he made it there safely,
And then I heard him scream
And I saw him come
over the side.
I was on the wall frozen
trying to process it
Because it didn't
make any sense.
- How long did you stay frozen?
- Five seconds, five
minutes, I don't know.
My first instinct
was to climb down,
But then I realized it
would take too long.
So I went to the top
And ran down the
road for the haulers,
But it didn't matter.
It didn't matter.
He was already dead.
- The other night you
told me you climbed down.
In your original statement
you said the same.
- Did I?
- Why would you
change your story now?
Turn around.
(dramatic music)
- What are you doing?
- You're under arrest.
I'm arresting you.
- Wait, what are you doing?
What are you, what
did you say to him?
- [jacob] nothing.
- What are you doing?
- Ayden didn't
die from the fall.
He was killed with a weapon
And jacob here just confessed
He was at the top of
the quarry that day.
Get him outta here.
- Jacob, is this true?
- Mm-hmm.
This ayden's room?
- [marianne] yes.
- Where's all his stuff?
(garage door humming)
Check everything.
(police radio chattering)
Check under that
box right there.
- [marianne] could you
please be careful with that?
That's expensive.
Excuse me?
- Let me see those.
- [marianne] please
put that back.
- [detective
sanchez] what's that?
Get a picture of that.
- [marianne] that's ayden's.
- Work it up.
Priority one.
We're also looking
for a cell phone.
- Right here.
- What kind of
phone did he have?
We're gonna find out what
kind one way or another.
So I need it now.
- They both had smartphone xgs.
- Let me see that phone.
Bag it up.
- Okay.
- We've got all
we need right now
But we will be back.
Grab that.
Let's go.
Let's grab those two. Let's go.
(dramatic music)
- [bailiff] all rise.
(gavel bangs)
Court dismissed.
- Excuse me. Excuse me.
Hey, did I-
- Miss it?
Yeah.
- So what happened?
- Well, luckily the judge
was able to grant bail.
- For a murder case?
- He's on house arrest.
He has to wear an ankle monitor.
They're not just gonna
let him walk around
And I had to put up the house.
- Is kyle gonna
be okay with him?
- He and camilla aren't
staying there right now.
- So you're gonna be
alone there with jacob?
- Yes.
- And you think that's safe?
- What makes you so
certain that he's guilty?
- Why are you so
certain he's not?
- He's the only son I have left.
- And he's the reason for that.
(hand slaps)
(marianne grunts)
(tense music)
If you want me to come
stay with you, I will.
All you have to do is ask.
- He's unbelievable.
I mean, why would he say that?
Why would he even think that?
- He just sees the
whole thing differently.
- Differently?
He honestly believes that
jacob killed his brother.
He didn't.
He couldn't.
(gentle somber music)
(phone vibrating)
Hello?
- Hi, this is dr. Steinman
From the west side
animal hospital.
- Hi.
- Yeah, I was just calling
To let you know that
princess' ashes are here
And ready to be picked up.
- Oh, could you please
call kyle for that?
- Oh, I'm sorry.
This is the number
that was left.
- You know what?
Actually I'll come
by in the morning
And pick them up.
Quick question though.
Do you know what
happened to her?
- It looks like a wild animal.
The bite marks and trauma
Are consistent with
cases I've seen before.
- And are you pretty
sure about that?
- I'm pretty positive, yeah.
Why?
- Nothing. Thank you so much.
I will see you in the morning.
- Oh, sounds good.
- Bye.
(marianne grunts)
(marianne sighs)
(soft tense music)
To my sweet one.
I dream of the day we
can truly be together.
I watch you in the field,
Your hair glistening in the sun.
You drive me crazy.
I want you to take me
in your big, strong arms
And never let me go.
Xo.
You look so hot in that uniform.
I will always be your
Naughty girl.
To my handsome man, xo.
- Well, it just depends
On if we want to give them that.
Right.
Well...
Hey, could I actually call
you back in like 10 minutes?
I just had a client walk in.
Thanks. Okay.
- I'm a client now?
- No, look,
This whole thing is
crazy and complicated.
I'm sorry, I didn't...
- How's camilla?
- Nights are hard.
She's having these nightmares
About princess and...
Is that her?
- Yeah.
It was a wild animal.
Jacob didn't hurt princess.
- She's still gonna blame him
For letting her out that night.
(gentle music)
- So are you still at the hotel?
- No.
Look, I don't see how
we can move back in
Until this whole thing
with jacob gets resolved.
- It's probably
gonna be a while.
- Yeah.
I don't like it.
She's my daughter.
I mean, she's gotta be my
first priority, you know?
- And jacob is mine.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Hey, wait, wait.
Look, I saw a future in us.
All of us.
- Me too.
This really sucks. (giggles)
- yeah. (laughs)
Yeah.
- So when you find
something more permanent,
Just call and you can
come get your stuff.
- Okay.
(gentle music continues)
- [chris] jacob, you
should have called me back.
- [jacob] you shouldn't
have come over.
- Why won't you let me help?
- Just go, man. Get outta here.
- Hi.
Can I help you?
- Ms. Davis, I'm chris taylor.
I go to school,
Went to school with jacob.
- You shouldn't be here, mom.
- Well, I'm clear about that,
But I am curious why you are.
- I feel like everything
that's happening
Is because of me.
- Do you wanna get
kicked outta school too?
- What are you talking about?
- You didn't tell her?
- Tell me what?
- Jacob wasn't the one
burning the cheat sheets.
It was me.
(soft tense music)
- What are you doing?
- Burning my cheat sheets.
I should have never cheated.
It was stupid.
- You were desperate.
It's okay.
We all do stupid stuff
when we're desperate.
Someone's coming.
- [commander greg] all
right, who's back here
Burning something?
- Don't worry.
I got this.
- Thank you so much for coming
here and telling me this.
- I wanna help.
I know he couldn't have
done what they're saying.
- But what happened at school
Has nothing to do with what
happened to my brother.
So no reason to get
kicked out on my account.
- But jacob, don't you
see this is a good thing?
People need to start seeing
you in a more positive light.
And if chris becomes
a character witness,
Then it's only gonna
make your case stronger.
Especially if this goes
on record with the school.
- I'm gonna do it
And you can't stop me.
Okay.
- Thank you.
(soft tense music continues)
- Mom, I really wish
we didn't just do that.
- And to think for a second
I thought you would apologize
for lying to me again.
- Lying?
I protected him.
- Jacob, it is always
a half truth with you.
I mean, why would
you not tell me that?
I could have argued
your case to them.
- They wanted to dump me
And you didn't seem like
you wanted to talk to me
At that point either.
So I kept my mouth
shut to get back here
And show you that
I'm not the screw up
Everyone thinks I am.
- I do not think that
you're a screw up.
- That's right. I'm a killer.
- Don't say that.
And why would you think taking
the blame was a good idea?
- No reason.
Awesome.
Do you know that feels
like a lie to me?
- I don't care
what it feels like.
- God.
Jacob, I want to believe,
I wanna trust,
I want to do everything
in my power to help you.
But if you lie to me,
I can't trust you.
- You can trust me.
- But you said you didn't
make it to the top.
- I didn't kill ayden.
And I'm tired of everyone
thinking that I did.
Even you.
I didn't do what
they said I did.
I lied because I was
16 and I was scared
And I already knew what
people thought of me.
So I thought that if I
didn't make it to the top,
People wouldn't blame
me for ayden's death.
It was stupid.
But why would you
believe me now?
You didn't before.
That's why you sent me away.
- No, jacob, no, that is
not why I sent you away.
I don't even know
why I sent you away
And I owe you an apology.
I am so sorry.
We never should have shipped
you off to that school
And I should have never let
you be sent to that school.
- But dad, right?
- He was in pain.
- I was your son
too. I was in pain!
Me... !
...Me.
- I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I am not gonna make
the same mistake twice.
I am not gonna let
anybody ship you away
And I am going to do everything
in my power to save you.
- [nathan] we would've
been great that season.
His back, my arm.
You still haven't told me
why you're here though.
- I need your help.
- Anything. Yeah.
You know that.
- I need to know if anyone
had a grudge against ayden,
Especially if they were
on the baseball team.
- I mean, everyone
I know loved ayden,
The whole team, the school.
He wasn't a bully.
He was a class favorite.
I mean, yeah, there's
not a single person
I would know that'd have
anything against him.
Except one.
Look, mrs. Davis, I know
why you're here, I do.
But I saw jacob follow ayden
around like he was god.
- So then you know
he couldn't do it.
- Yeah, but at times
he would go crazy
When he lost to ayden.
It doesn't matter if
it was video games,
Ro-sham-bo or, you
know, thumb wars.
I don't know, ayden
cast a pretty big shadow
That jacob just couldn't
seem to get past.
So, I mean,
I think in the
heat of the moment,
Losing to his brother
Could have caused him
the lash out again.
I do.
I'm sorry.
- The police think ayden
was killed with a bat.
- I'm sorry, a bat?
So-
- yeah.
- [nathan] not the fall.
- Yes, that means the bat
Had to be at the
top to start with.
And neither of the boys
carried it up with them.
Besides, that would
be premeditated,
Not heat of the moment.
Look, I know that jacob
lied about a lot of things,
But he is not a killer.
So I just need for
you to think about it.
Anybody you know who had
a problem with ayden,
Just let me know, that's it?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'll do that.
- Great.
- All right.
Should I walk you out?
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
So I'll keep thinking about it,
But I'll figure it out.
Yeah.
- I appreciate it.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hi, mrs. Davis.
- Hey, stephanie.
You might wanna
swing by the house.
I found this letter
that you wrote ayden,
A love letter and it was,
it was kind of graphic.
I thought you might want it.
- Wait.
Love letter?
I never wrote ayden
a love letter,
Especially one that
might be graphic.
- Oh.
- He was cheating on me.
- No, no, no.
He was not cheating on you.
- God, I knew it.
- You knew it?
- Things have changed.
There's a possibility that
somebody else killed ayden.
So, if you know of
anything just, you know.
- I never actually knew it.
I didn't have any evidence.
The last few days
before ayden died,
He was just so different.
He was being secretive
and it made me paranoid.
- Why didn't you say anything?
- The last time I saw him
we got into a huge fight.
He caught me looking
through his phone
And he flew off the handle on me
Even though I didn't
find anything.
My last memories of being
with him are just so ugly.
- I am so sorry.
Maybe the letter came
from someone else,
Someone before you, older.
But I do know that ayden
did not cheat on you.
I know that.
- Okay.
- Okay?
- Thank you.
- Yeah. Drive safe.
(tense music)
(gentle mysterious music)
- [jacob] mom,
what are you doing?
- Just going through the past.
- Do you need any
help with anything?
- Did you ever see ayden
With another girl
besides stephanie?
- No. Why?
- Because this fell out
of one of his yearbooks
And stephanie thinks
that he was cheating.
So I'm just going
through the yearbook
And trying to match handwriting
And see if I can find a
secret crush or something.
- He always seemed
so into steph.
They had gotten into a fight
The day we went to the quarry,
But usually he seemed
pretty happy with her.
- And the fight was about
Her going through his
text messages, right?
- Yeah.
- Have you seen his cell phone?
- Not after that day.
- Here.
Thanks.
- [jacob] okay, if there's
nothing I can help with,
I'm gonna go watch a movie.
- Hey, you.
So, how's jacob?
(marianne sighs)
- I hope that we
turned a corner.
I feel like I've been so busy
Trying to prove his innocence,
That I'm afraid that
I'm gonna destroy
My memories of ayden.
- How so?
- Thank you.
Well, I found this letter
That someone wrote ayden
And it's a love letter
and it's kind of graphic.
Anyways, I approached
steph about it
And she didn't write it.
So now she's convinced that
ayden was cheating on her
And it's basically destroyed
her memories of him
And I'm afraid that
if I keep digging,
I'm gonna do the same
thing for myself.
- No, it won't, not with ayden.
No way.
- Well, you were
around both families
When you were dating nick.
Am I crazy to think
That maybe he really
was cheating on her?
- Yes, absolutely nuts.
Okay?
Ayden was a great kid.
He was a well adjusted,
Handsome young man
Who was gonna be somebody
That you and daniel
could always be proud of.
He didn't deserve
what happened to him,
Whether it was an accident
or something uglier.
- Thank you.
- Oh.
(glasses clinking)
- Thank you for your support.
Jacob and I are gonna need it.
- Well, I can be there for you,
But I can't be there for jacob.
- What are you,
what are you saying?
- You really need me to
list all the reasons?
The funeral reception,
Him disappearing the
first night back.
I mean, even before
ayden's death
There were times he made me
feel really uncomfortable.
- What do you mean?
- I've caught him staring at me
And I always thought, you know,
It was just him being a young
boy coming into his own,
But I mean, there was one time
he followed me into a store.
- Tara, teenagers
go shopping too.
- At maxie's?
It's not exactly your
typical teen hangout.
- Okay, what'd he say?
- That he was getting a
birthday present for you
And it was nowhere
near your birthday.
Did he ever give you this
present from maxie's?
- I don't remember.
- I think you do.
- Why didn't you ever
say anything before?
- Well, I was going to,
But then ayden died and
you sent jacob away.
So it just seemed like a
non-issue at that point.
But now, until I know more
About what happened
at the quarry,
Please don't ask me to
put my faith in jacob.
I just can't.
- If you can't put
your faith in jacob,
Then you don't have
any faith in me.
None.
- Marianne.
- I'm leaving.
Come on.
(tara sighs)
(phone keyboard clicking)
- Hey.
- You had a late
night last night.
I heard you come
in after midnight.
- I was over at tara's.
- Oh, tara's.
Why were you there?
- Just talking about things.
- Did she ask about me?
- Your name came up.
- What did she say?
- What do you mean?
- I don't know, is she like
team guilty or team not guilty?
- Jacob, it's not funny.
I wish you would take
this more seriously.
- So, what did she say?
- I don't want to get
into it right now.
- I think I have
a right to know.
Can you please just sit down?
Tell me.
- Okay.
(gentle music)
Apparently before
everything happened,
She said that you made
her feel uncomfortable
And that you
followed her around.
Did you?
- No.
- So you didn't follow
her into maxie's?
- I never did that.
That's a lie. She's lying.
- Then tell me why would she
make up such a specific lie?
You don't know?
- Mm-mm.
- Look, it's okay if you had
a school boy crush on her.
You can tell me.
- I never had a crush on tara.
- Okay.
- Hey, mom?
- Yeah.
- Thanks for all this.
I love you.
- I love you too.
(soft tense music)
She said you made her
feel uncomfortable
And that you
followed her around.
Did you?
- No.
I didn't follow her.
- [marianne] so you didn't
follow her into maxie's?
- [jacob] I never did that.
I never did any of that.
That's a lie. She's lying.
- Then tell me why
she would make up
Such a specific lie.
Why?
Jacob, it's okay if you had
a school boy crush on her.
(dramatic music)
(doorbell rings)
- Jacob, can you get that?
Jacob!
(knocking on door)
(doorbell ringing)
Thanks for nothing, jacob.
(knocking on door)
What are you doing here?
- Where's jacob?
- In his room.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- Because we got a notice his
ankle monitor alarm went off.
- Well, he's in his room.
So...
- Jacob.
- Excuse me?
I didn't invite you
Into my house.
- It's called probable cause,
Mrs. Davis.
Which room is jacob's?
- Jacob!
- [marianne] it's right here.
(monitor beeping)
(dramatic music)
- Yeah, he's gone.
(tense music)
- Jacob, what are you doing?
- Why are you lying about me?
(tense music)
- Can you please sit?
- Can you please leave?
I don't even know
why you're here.
- He asked me to be here.
I'd rather be anywhere
else, trust me.
(phone chiming)
(phone vibrating)
- Put it on speaker.
- It's my friend.
Hey, tara...
- [nurse] mrs. Davis,
this is the floor nurse
At valley hospital calling
regarding your friend tara.
- [marianne] what happened?
- [nurse] apparently jacob
attacked her at her house.
She's in recovery now and
wanted us to notify you.
- Yeah, I'll be right there.
- Where do you
think you're going?
- To the hospital.
My friend just got
admitted to the er.
- Okay, well we'll
have somebody take you.
- That's not necessary.
- No, you're hiding something.
- What is it?
What is it?
- Jacob broke into tara's
house and beat her up.
- Jesus.
- And you were gonna
keep that from us?
- I just wanted to find out
The whole story
first, that's all.
- Well I wanna find out
the whole story too.
- [marianne] okay,
then let's go.
Oh my god.
- It's okay. I'm okay.
- What happened, ma'am?
- It was jacob.
He broke into my house.
He was so upset.
I've seen him mad before,
but this was different.
This was rage.
- Why would he attack you?
- He was afraid I was trying
to turn his mother against him.
- [tara] jacob, what
are you doing here?
- Why are you lying about me?
She was on my side
Until you opened
your big fat mouth.
- Jacob, you're acting crazy.
(tara yelp)
Let go of me!
(hand slaps)
(tara grunts)
I must have blacked
out for a few minutes.
When I woke up, he was gone.
- Any idea where
he might have gone?
I'm gonna put
somebody at your door
And at your house
once you're released.
- He won't come back.
He did what he needed to do.
I'd just be more concerned
With anybody else that he
might have a grudge with.
- I am so sorry.
Do you want me to go?
(soft tense music)
(tara sighs)
(dramatic music)
- [jacob] don't!
- Go ahead, son.
Do it.
You've already destroyed
Everything I care
about in this life.
- Will you ever believe
that I didn't kill ayden?
- You can take me
out of this world,
But there is one
incontrovertible truth
That I know to be a fact.
Ayden isn't here because of you.
(suspenseful music)
(jacob grunts)
(door slams)
(daniel screams)
(suspenseful dramatic music)
(wood creaking)
- Is someone here?
Jacob!
Oh, jacob. Thank god.
What are you doing with a gun?
- It can all be over, mom.
It can all end.
You won't have to
worry about me anymore.
- Please don't say that.
Give me the gun, okay?
- I screwed up, mom.
- I know.
- You know?
- Yeah.
Tara called me.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
Look, she's gonna be okay.
She's gonna recover
And the hospital's
gonna release her soon.
- What?
The hospital?
- Jacob, give me the gun.
This isn't the answer.
- What does it matter?
- Please don't say that.
- Sanchez is here.
- Jacob, please let me
walk you out to him.
I promised you that I would
be there for you 'til the end
And I will be.
(knocking on door)
- Get rid of him.
- Give me the gun.
(doorbell rings - knocking)
- no.
- Jacob, if I don't
open the door,
He's gonna know that
something is wrong.
- Just know I'm not
gonna let him take me.
(more knocking - doorbell rings)
- Okay.
Okay.
I'm gonna, I'm gonna
go get rid of him.
(more knocking)
Don't shoot, don't do anything,
And I'm gonna get rid of him.
(suspenseful music)
What now?
- Your ex-husband called me.
Jacob made off with his weapon.
So now I gotta treat him as
armed and extremely dangerous.
Especially after his
assault on your friend.
Has he tried to contact you?
- No.
If he does, I will let you know.
- Also the bat,
The one we found in your garage,
It was inconclusive as to
being the murder weapon.
- Inconclusive means
that jacob didn't do it?
- Inconclusive
means inconclusive.
It doesn't clear
your son of anything.
But the medical examiner
estimates the barrel
That fractured ayden's
skull was bigger.
Your son could have
gotten another bat
And one very similar
to the one we had
And then tossed it.
- I think that you're
looking for the wrong person.
I think there's
someone else out there.
- He still assaulted your friend
And I need to find him
As soon as possible.
Maybe then I can worry
about another suspect.
- Okay.
(tense music)
(suspenseful music)
Jacob.
Jacob!
Oh, jacob.
(gentle somber music)
- I didn't have to do that
this last season though.
I mean, kind of
passed him the torch.
- You didn't pass him the torch.
He just got better than you.
- Shut up, steph.
Such a girlfriend thing to say,
(tense music)
Mrs. Davis.
You should've
called, but come in.
- Thank you.
- So, can I get you anything?
- Coffee if you have
some made already.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Thanks.
- I want you to know, I,
I haven't forgotten what
you said the other day.
I really wanna help
solve ayden's death
And I'm sorry I haven't
gotten those names
Over to you yet.
- Yeah, no problem.
- I've just been brainstorming.
It takes a bit to
remember everybody's names
And, you know, where they
went after high school,
But I'm working on it.
- [marianne] yeah.
- Stephanie is as well.
- [marianne] great.
- [nathan] I'm sure we'll
come up with a good list.
- [marianne] anything will help.
- We're gonna make
it a priority, so.
- Appreciate it.
- Yeah.
Let's go outside.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Wow. What's all this?
- Coach asked me to help mentor
Some of the younger guys.
Not nearly as good
as we were though.
And won't ever be.
- Yeah.
I don't mean to be a pain,
But could I please get
some cream and sugar?
- Yeah, sure.
- Thanks.
(tense music)
Oops.
Clumsy me.
- What are you doing?
- I was just looking
through your bats.
It's quite a collection.
But I didn't see the one
That was in the
picture at my house.
You know, the one that
you used in high school?
- Yeah, I don't have it.
It was stolen.
- Really?
Are there a lot of bat
thieves running around?
- I mean, it wasn't just stolen.
It was actually taken
just around ayden's death.
- Well that's weird.
Did you report it missing?
- A stolen bat?
- Yeah.
- To the police?
- What are you
really doing here?
You weren't just stopping by.
- Ayden was killed with a bat,
One that was bigger than his,
And you always used a
bigger bat than ayden.
- Me?
- Yeah.
- You think I killed ayden?
Mrs davis, I know you're
desperate for an answer,
And you want it to be anybody
else except for jacob,
But what makes you think
that I would kill ayden?
- Jealousy.
You were the star of the team
And then he comes along
And he becomes better than you
And then he's the star
and you don't like it
'cause it's not gonna change.
- Yeah, he was better than me
And the coaches knew it,
The team knew it.
It doesn't mean I'd kill him.
Going to state with ayden
Meant more to me
than being the star
And you gotta realize that.
I loved that kid like a brother.
- But you knew he was gonna be
At the quarry that
day, didn't you?
- I'm not keeping
tabs on the guy.
I mean, what do you
think, I'm his girlfriend?
- Hey, you two.
What's with the looks?
- You.
- Me what?
- No way.
- No way what?
- This was you.
- Ms. Davis, why are you
looking at me like that?
- She thinks you killed ayden.
- You were in a fight
And you thought that
he was cheating on you
And you went through his phone
And you could not
find any proof of it.
But I bet you saw
the text messages
That they were gonna be at the
quarry that day, didn't you?
So, so you stole
your brother's bat
And then you went
to swing at him
Just to show him how
serious you were.
Maybe you didn't
mean to kill him,
But you swung at him
And you hit him in the
head and you killed ayden!
- I did know that they were
gonna be there that day,
But I didn't follow or show up
And I definitely
didn't kill him.
You wanna know
what I did instead?
- Yes, I do.
- I locked myself in my room
Deciding whether or not
to break up with him.
And I decided to.
I decided to end things.
And then I got the
call that he had died
And felt like I had wished
his death into existence,
But I wasn't at the quarry
And I definitely didn't
hit him with a bat.
So instead of standing there
pointing fingers at me,
Why aren't you
looking for that girl?
You know, the one
that wrote the letter?
Why aren't you looking for her?
- Because there's
no names on there
And I have been trying
to match the handwriting
To the yearbooks and
I can't find a match.
- So, there's no names?
- [marianne] no.
- Obviously they were trying
to keep things a secret.
- Okay, but the baseball bat,
The missing baseball bat
cannot be a coincidence.
It can't be.
- I'll ask my dad.
I'll ask tara.
I'll ask the coaches.
I'll ask the team.
- Tara?
- Yeah, tara.
My dad's ex-girlfriend.
(dramatic music)
I mean, I'm sure if I asked him
I must have asked her.
- And besides,
Who even writes a
fricking letter?
I mean even like two years ago?
That's something someone
your age would do.
(tense music)
- Is everything okay?
- Can I have that
letter back please?
- Yeah.
- I am so sorry, you guys.
I am so sorry for accusing you,
But I have to go.
- [nathan] where are you going?
- To see one of my friends.
(sirens wailing)
(suspenseful music)
(car beeps)
- Jacob?
Oh my god.
- Drive.
- [marianne] oh my god.
Is that jacob?
What are they doing?
Where are they going?
(suspenseful music)
- They'll tell me
how sorry they are
But behind my back,
They'll just blame
me for ayden's death.
- Nobody blames you.
- They think I killed him.
- [detective sanchez]
your son's lying.
- [marianne] about what?
- [detective sanchez] about
your other son's death.
- What makes you so
certain that he's guilty?
- Why are you so
certain he's not?
- [marianne] I mean, he was
a month away from graduation
And something must
have happened.
- [daniel] yeah, he happened.
It's what he does.
- [marianne] he's the
only son I have left.
- And he's the reason for that.
(hand slaps)
(marianne grunts)
- [detective sanchez]
so now I gotta treat him
As armed and
extremely dangerous.
- [marianne] do you know
that feels like a lie to me.
- I don't care
what it feels like.
- Ayden didn't
die from the fall.
He was killed with a
weapon and jacob here
Just confessed he was at the
top of the quarry that day.
- Jacob, is this true?
Is this true?
(echoes in her head)
Come on.
Hurry up!
I'm gonna lose them!
(tara grunting)
(dramatic music)
- [tara] where
are you taking me?
- [jacob] shut up.
- [marianne] come on.
Where are they?
(dramatic music)
Jacob!
- Stop struggling.
- Jacob, ow!
- [jacob] don't
make me hurt you.
- You're hurting me!
Let go!
- Move.
- Jacob!
Jacob.
I do not think that
you're a screw up.
- That's right. I'm a killer.
I'm a killer. I'm a killer.
- Jacob!
- Just keep moving,
do you understand?
- Jacob, I don't wanna
go up there, please.
- [marianne] but if you lie
to me, I can't trust you.
- [jacob] you can trust me.
- You said you didn't
make it to the top.
- I didn't kill ayden
And I'm tired of everyone
thinking that I did.
- [tara] jacob, please.
Why are you doing this to me?
- [jacob] I think you know why.
- [marianne] let me walk
you out to him right now.
Jacob, if I don't open the door
He's gonna know that
something is wrong.
- Just know I'm not
gonna let him take me.
I'm not gonna let him take me.
- Jacob!
- Marianne, help!
Help!
Help, please! Somebody help me!
I'm over here!
- [marianne] I am not gonna
let anybody ship you away
And I am going to do everything
in my power to save you.
- Admit it.
- How am I supposed to admit
something I didn't do, jacob?
- Jacob?
Jacob.
- Marianne, please,
please talk to your son.
- You shouldn't be here.
- Jacob, you don't
have to do this.
- You don't know
what she's done.
- I know what she did.
She killed ayden because
she was sleeping with him.
- What?
I didn't do that. That's a lie.
- Are you telling me
That you didn't write this?
- What are you talking about?
- You were my friend.
- Tell her what you did.
- Jacob, please don't.
You don't have to do this.
You don't have to
become somebody
That everybody thinks
you already are.
You can walk away from this
And you can still have a life.
Please.
- But I'm responsible
for ayden's death.
I'm fixing my mistake.
- You heard him.
He just admitted it.
He just said that
he's responsible
And he's just trying to
cover it up by blaming me.
- You used me.
- What?
- Used?
How'd she use you?
- That letter you wrote.
It wasn't to ayden.
It was to me.
- To you?
To my 16 year old son?
- No, he's, he's lying.
He's a liar.
He's always been a liar.
I never-
(gun clicks)
- Ayden found out about us.
- Look at what I found
In my little brother's
room yesterday.
His own homemade
personal erotica.
(ayden laughs)
Oh, man.
I can't believe my little
bro is finally getting some.
- [tara] jacob! (giggling)
- He thinks I'm at
dinner with stephanie
And that he'll have
the house to himself.
- [tara] that feels so good.
(tara moaning)
- He threatened to show
the video to you and dad.
I didn't want that
And tara definitely
didn't want that.
- Jacob, this isn't good.
How could you let this happen?
- I didn't know he
was gonna be home.
I thought he'd be at
dinner with his girlfriend.
- That's okay.
I have an idea.
- It was her idea for
me to challenge ayden
To climb the rock face.
A race to the top
with the bet being
That when I won, he'd
have to keep our secret.
She knew we would be there.
She made me believe
that I could beat him.
I believed it so much
that I only realized
That she set him
up when she lied
About me beating
her up in her home.
I never put a hand on you.
- What are you gonna do?
I knew you weren't man enough.
- I've done everything
to protect you
And you tell my
mom I stalked you?
- Jacob.
Come on.
Don't you see?
If I'm not in your corner
that gives us cover.
I love you.
And you love me too, right?
I mean you promised me you're
always gonna protect me.
Jacob.
Come here.
(tense music)
Jacob.
- And because of that lie,
I realized she never
believed in me at all.
She counted on the fact
That I would lose
and lose badly.
She needed me to lose.
- I'm not quitting.
- Fine.
See you at the top.
- [jacob] she stole
the bat from nathan
And waited at the top.
- [ayden] boy,
it's nice up here.
What happened to all
that big talk down there?
- Shut up.
- You stop for lunch?
- [jacob] do you
ever stop talking?
- [ayden] not this time.
Don't worry, we'll find
something you can beat me in.
(ayden laughs)
(bat thuds)
(ayden screaming)
(dramatic music)
- And she counted on my
guilt to keep me quiet.
She was right.
- I shared my life with you
and this is what you do?
You sleep with my son and
you kill the other one.
- Marianne, come on.
You can't possibly
believe all that.
This is just some fairy
tale that he's made up.
You really think I would
sleep with your son?
This is just some
delusion that he's made up
Because I rejected his advances.
Okay, I knew he
had a crush on me,
But I didn't know it would
turn into this crazy obsession.
And nice, jacob, victim blaming.
It wasn't enough
that you beat me up.
You have to make up
this elaborate lie
To try and discredit me.
- That letter you wrote.
- The letter.
Good luck trying to
prove that that was me.
Are there, are there
names, are there dates?
You think handwriting is
gonna hold up in court?
- You're right.
Maybe they won't
believe the letter,
But they'll believe this.
(suspenseful music)
(dramatic music)
Ayden's old phone.
The one with the video of
us together for posterity.
Your face is there in
all its glory close up.
Hmm.
Should I just play
it for my mom?
- No.
No, marianne, please,
please, please.
You have to believe me.
I didn't mean for any
this to happen, okay?
I'm so sorry.
- So it is true.
It's all true?
(tara yelps)
- I'm sorry, okay.
Nick and I were having problems
And jacob gave me what I needed.
He gave me attention.
That's all I wanted
was just attention.
And so at first he would just,
He would just listen to me
And then it just happened.
- It doesn't just happen!
He was a 16 year old boy!
- I didn't mean for this
to happen, marianne.
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
(tara crying)
- Get up.
Get up!
(dramatic music)
(both grunting)
(tara gasping)
- Help me, help me, please!
- Mom, don't.
- What she did to you,
You were just a boy
And she killed ayden.
- I know.
- Please, I can't
hold on much longer!
Please!
- We could just walk away.
We could just leave her.
- No.
- He's right, he's right.
Help me up, help me up.
- Shut up.
- [tara] please, please!
- Shut up!
- Mom.
I just needed her to admit it.
She's done that.
Now everyone else needs
to hear it from her too.
Not just from me,
Not just from you, but from her.
She deserves everything
she's about to get.
What would ayden do?
(suspenseful music)
- No.
No, you were gonna let me go.
Please just let me
die here, please.
Let me go.
(all grunting)
No, you should've
just let me die!
I'm sorry!
(fist thuds)
(tara screams)
- Mom!
- I don't think ayden
would've minded that.
Where did you find his phone?
- Oh, this one?
It's not ayden's phone.
It's my old one.
I don't know where his went.
I needed to get her to confess
And now I have it recorded.
I've always been a
pretty good liar.
(both chuckle)
(sirens wailing)
- God, I love you. Come here.
(gentle music)
I'll take her to lock up.
- [marianne] did I
hit her that hard?
- Knocked her out.
Sorry, not sorry, right?
- Excuse me?
- Thanks.
- Why are you thanking me?
I'm the one that was convinced
you killed your brother.
- You were convinced
someone killed him.
You were just trying
to do right by him
When nobody else was.
So, thanks.
- You let me know if
you need anything.
- Thanks.
I hope I never do.
- Me too, kid.
Me too.
- Hey.
Hey.
Think I might be able
to give you a ride home?
- [marianne] go ahead.
- Yeah, I think so.
- Yeah?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry for
doubting you, son.
Thank you so much
for forgiving me.
(gentle music continues)
(all laughing)
(dog barking)
Happy birthday, son.
- I love you, dad.
- I love you too.
- Hey, guys.
Hey, guys.
Cake's ready.
Come on for cake.
- We get some cake?
- Cake, yes.
- All right, let's do it.
- Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
- Yep, finally, a
dog that likes me.
Thanks, mom.
I love you.
- [marianne] oh, I love you too.
Let's have cake!
(all cheering)
Happy birthday!
- Oh my gosh.
happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear jacob
(all cheering)
(gentle music)
(gentle somber music)